[EV-5315] Add enforced, pending policy and PolicyEvaluationMode desc (#1988)
tigera/docs: calico-cloud/reference/component-resources/node/felix/configuration.mdx

| `FlowLogsFilePerFlowProcessArgsLimit`   | `FELIX_FLOWLOGSFILEPERFLOWPROCESSARGSLIMIT`   | `5`                                   | Specify the maximum number of arguments beyond which the process arguments will be aggregated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `FlowLogsPolicyEvaluationMode`          | `FELIX_FLOWLOGSPOLICYEVALUATIONMODE`          | `Continuous`                          | Defines how policies are evaluated and reflected in flow logs. OnNewConnection - In this mode, staged policies are only evaluated when new connections are made in the dataplane. Staged/active policy changes will not be reflected in the `pending_policies` field of flow logs for long lived connections. Continuous - Felix evaluates active flows on a regular basis to determine the rule traces in the flow logs. Any policy updates that impact a flow will be reflected in the pending_policies field, offering a near-real-time view of policy changes across flows.                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `FlowLogsPolicyEvaluationMode`          | `FELIX_FLOWLOGSPOLICYEVALUATIONMODE`          | `Continuous`                          | Defines how policies are evaluated and reflected in flow logs. `OnNewConnection`: In this mode, staged policies are only evaluated when new connections are made in the data plane. Staged/active policy changes will not be reflected in the `pending_policies` field of flow logs for long lived connections. `Continuous`: Felix evaluates active flows on a regular basis to determine the rule traces in the flow logs. Any policy updates that impact a flow will be reflected in the `pending_policies` field, offering a near-real-time view of policy changes across flows.                    |
```
Apply globally, please.

Author: @ctauchen I've applied the changes globally, thank you.

Additionally, I've added the `flowLogsPolicyEvaluationMode` configuration description to the relevant `reference/resources/felixconfig.mdx` files
